1.https://codepen.io/lvamp1192/pen/PoNPaVV

 What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic html is the use of html markups to reinforce the meaning of the information in webpages.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    the language used for documents to be displayed in a web browser.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attribute are words used inside an opening tag to control the elements behavior.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 tag indicates a heading on a website. it is used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    input or select
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    title
    7. What is an id? 
    an id specifies a unique id for an html element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    a class specifies one or more classnames for an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    multiple times 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    right click
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    will give a text description of picture if image can not be shown
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section groups items together and div has no specific meaning
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling a webpage
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
an id is used to identify one element whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    . followed by name of class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    the parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: capitals...etc
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{border: dotted black 1px;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    del /f filename. you can accidentally delete everything
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    anytime you make changes or about every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push origin

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
